# Module stdgo._internal.net.smtp has compilation errors, please do not use:
```
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_Conn_static_extension.hx:837: characters 209-257 : Type not found : _internal.crypto.ecdh.Ecdh_PrivateKey
stdgo/_internal/net/smtp/Smtp_newClient.hx:11: lines 11-13 : Void should be { _1 : Bool, _0 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Conn> }
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:36: characters 27-105 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed.hx:2: characters 48-126 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:40: characters 27-105 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:41: characters 86-164 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:56: characters 14-69 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:62: characters 25-103 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:63: characters 85-163 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:74: characters 26-104 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:75: characters 152-230 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:85: characters 35-113 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:86: characters 101-179 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:91: characters 41-119 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:92: characters 162-240 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:108: characters 34-112 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:109: characters 155-233 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:114: characters 33-111 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:115: characters 99-177 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:126: characters 27-82 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:133: characters 37-115 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:134: characters 103-181 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:145: characters 37-115 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:146: characters 103-181 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:157: characters 26-81 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:164: characters 36-114 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:165: characters 102-180 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:169: characters 36-114 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:170: characters 103-181 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:178: characters 35-113 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:179: characters 100-178 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed.hx:2: characters 49-127 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:194: characters 39-117 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:195: characters 104-182 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:200: characters 272-328 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:208: characters 26-81 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:220: characters 37-115 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:221: characters 103-181 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:226: characters 32-88 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:231: characters 34-112 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:232: characters 100-178 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:237: characters 31-86 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:307: characters 19-97 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:310: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:321: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:329: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:339: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:347: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:353: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:363: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:373: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:385: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:401: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:411: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:419: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:436: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:444: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:450: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:472: characters 16-94 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:474: characters 58-136 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:270: characters 22-93 : Type not found : _internal.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_newFixedBuilder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_clientHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:271: characters 62-140 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_newSessionTicketMsgTLS13_static_extension.hx:15: characters 27-105 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_newSessionTicketMsgTLS13_static_extension.hx:16: characters 25-103 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_newSessionTicketMsgTLS13_static_extension.hx:17: characters 165-220 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_newSessionTicketMsgTLS13_static_extension.hx:22: characters 26-104 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_newSessionTicketMsgTLS13_static_extension.hx:23: characters 152-230 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_newSessionTicketMsgTLS13_static_extension.hx:48: characters 16-94 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_newSessionTicketMsgTLS13_static_extension.hx:50: characters 58-136 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:29: characters 27-105 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:30: characters 220-275 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:36: characters 25-103 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:37: characters 85-163 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:48: characters 26-104 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:49: characters 152-230 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:63: characters 26-81 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:70: characters 36-114 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:71: characters 102-180 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:74: characters 32-110 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:75: characters 100-178 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:80: characters 34-112 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:81: characters 100-178 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_String_
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:86: characters 31-87 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:96: characters 27-83 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:105: characters 290-346 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint16LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:115: characters 27-82 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed does not define type Tls__readUint8LengthPrefixed
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:134: characters 19-97 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:145: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:157: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:167: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:179: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:185: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:194: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:200: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:208: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:214: characters 68-146 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:224: characters 16-94 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_serverHelloMsg_static_extension.hx:226: characters 58-136 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_cipherSuiteTLS13_static_extension.hx:54: characters 24-102 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_cipherSuiteTLS13_static_extension.hx:56: characters 65-143 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_cipherSuiteTLS13_static_extension.hx:60: characters 65-143 : Type not found : _internal.vendor.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.cryptobyte.Cryptobyte_Builder
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_cipherSuiteTLS13_static_extension.hx:68: characters 23-73 : Type not found : _internal.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.hkdf.Hkdf_expand
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_T_cipherSuiteTLS13_static_extension.hx:41: characters 16-67 : Type not found : _internal.golang_dot_org.x.crypto.hkdf.Hkdf_extract
stdgo/_internal/crypto/tls/Tls_Conn_static_extension.hx:659: characters 30-75 : Module stdgo._internal.crypto.tls.Tls__defaultConfig does not define type Tls__defaultConfig

```

