# Module: `stdgo.encoding`

[(view library index)](../stdgo.md)


# Overview


Package encoding defines interfaces shared by other packages that  
convert data to and from byte\-level and textual representations.  
Packages that check for these interfaces include encoding/gob,  
encoding/json, and encoding/xml. As a result, implementing an  
interface once can make a type useful in multiple encodings.  
Standard types that implement these interfaces include time.Time and net.IP.  
The interfaces come in pairs that produce and consume encoded data.  



# Index


- [typedef BinaryMarshaler](<#typedef-binarymarshaler>)

- [typedef BinaryUnmarshaler](<#typedef-binaryunmarshaler>)

- [typedef TextMarshaler](<#typedef-textmarshaler>)

- [typedef TextUnmarshaler](<#typedef-textunmarshaler>)

# Typedefs


```haxe
import stdgo.encoding.*
```


## typedef BinaryMarshaler


```haxe
typedef BinaryMarshaler = var a:{<__underlying__> | ():{_1:stdgo.Error, _0:stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>} | {<haxe_doc>} | ():stdgo.AnyInterface}
```


BinaryMarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can  
marshal itself into a binary form.  



MarshalBinary encodes the receiver into a binary form and returns the result.  



## typedef BinaryUnmarshaler


```haxe
typedef BinaryUnmarshaler = var a:{<__underlying__> | (_data:stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>):stdgo.Error | {<haxe_doc>} | ():stdgo.AnyInterface}
```


BinaryUnmarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can  
unmarshal a binary representation of itself.  



UnmarshalBinary must be able to decode the form generated by MarshalBinary.  
UnmarshalBinary must copy the data if it wishes to retain the data  
after returning.  



## typedef TextMarshaler


```haxe
typedef TextMarshaler = var a:{<__underlying__> | ():{_1:stdgo.Error, _0:stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>} | {<haxe_doc>} | ():stdgo.AnyInterface}
```


TextMarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can  
marshal itself into a textual form.  



MarshalText encodes the receiver into UTF\-8\-encoded text and returns the result.  



## typedef TextUnmarshaler


```haxe
typedef TextUnmarshaler = var a:{<__underlying__> | (_text:stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>):stdgo.Error | {<haxe_doc>} | ():stdgo.AnyInterface}
```


TextUnmarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can  
unmarshal a textual representation of itself.  



UnmarshalText must be able to decode the form generated by MarshalText.  
UnmarshalText must copy the text if it wishes to retain the text  
after returning.  



