# Module stdgo.internal.obscuretestdata has compilation errors, please do not use:
```
stdgo/internal/obscuretestdata/Obscuretestdata.hx:31: characters 48-52 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.os.File> should be stdgo.io.Writer
stdgo/internal/obscuretestdata/Obscuretestdata.hx:31: characters 48-52 : ... stdgo.os.File has no field write
stdgo/internal/obscuretestdata/Obscuretestdata.hx:31: characters 48-52 : ... For function argument '_dst'
stdgo/encoding/base64/Base64.hx:686: characters 59-71 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:294: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:295: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:296: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:297: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:298: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:299: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:300: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/base64/Base64.hx:184: characters 110-122 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/base64/Base64.hx:186: characters 47-59 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/base64/Base64.hx:187: characters 47-59 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/base64/Base64.hx:188: characters 48-60 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/base64/Base64.hx:679: characters 55-67 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:313: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:314: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:315: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/internal/obscuretestdata/Obscuretestdata.hx:89: characters 126-128 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.os.File> should be stdgo.io.Reader
stdgo/internal/obscuretestdata/Obscuretestdata.hx:89: characters 126-128 : ... stdgo.os.File has no field read
stdgo/internal/obscuretestdata/Obscuretestdata.hx:89: characters 126-128 : ... For function argument '_r'
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:231: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:232: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:233: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:234: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:235: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:236: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:237: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:243: characters 166-178 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:250: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:251: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:252: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:258: characters 162-174 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:265: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:271: characters 160-172 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:307: characters 166-178 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:322: characters 162-174 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:328: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:335: characters 160-172 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:1997: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:1998: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:1999: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2000: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2001: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2002: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2003: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2009: characters 166-178 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2016: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2017: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2018: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2024: characters 162-174 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2031: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2037: characters 160-172 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2056: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2057: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2058: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2059: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2060: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2061: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2062: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2067: characters 166-178 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2073: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2074: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2075: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2080: characters 162-174 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2086: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2091: characters 160-172 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2109: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2110: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2111: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2112: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2113: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2114: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2115: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2122: characters 166-178 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2128: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2129: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2130: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2137: characters 162-174 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2143: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2150: characters 160-172 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2168: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2169: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2170: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2171: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2172: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2173: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2174: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2180: characters 166-178 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2185: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2186: characters 61-73 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2187: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2193: characters 162-174 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2198: characters 60-72 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2204: characters 160-172 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2760: characters 25-29 : stdgo.reflect.Value has no field bool (Suggestion: bool_)
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2578: lines 2578-2580 : ... Called from macro here
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:2607: characters 25-29 : stdgo.reflect.Value has no field bool (Suggestion: bool_)
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:183: characters 66-178 : Go Invalid expected type Abstract: Int
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:183: characters 180-295 : Go Invalid expected type Abstract: Int
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:185: characters 1-37 : stdgo.GoInt64 should be Int
stdgo/encoding/binary/Binary.hx:185: characters 1-37 : ... For function argument 'length'

```

