# Module stdgo.image.color.palette has compilation errors, please do not use:
```
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:60: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:39: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:41: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:43: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:45: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:108: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:170: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:143: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:147: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:151: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:155: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:228: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:275: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:263: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:318: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:362: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:350: characters 27-39 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:405: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:433: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:501: characters 23-41 : Not enough arguments, expected length:Int, capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.image.color.Color>
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:501: characters 23-47 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.image.color.Color>
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:461: characters 34-46 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:903: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:563: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:534: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:536: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:540: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:542: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:546: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:548: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:627: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:597: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:599: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:603: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:605: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:609: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:611: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:673: characters 24-34 : Class<stdgo.internal.Macro> has no field initLocals
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:987: characters 9-19 : Class<stdgo.Go> has no field assertable
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:987: characters 21-35 : stdgo.image.color.Color should be stdgo.image.color.NYCbCrA
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:990: characters 16-26 : Class<stdgo.Go> has no field assertable
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:990: characters 28-40 : stdgo.image.color.Color should be stdgo.image.color.YCbCr
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:914: characters 10-22 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:915: characters 31-43 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:918: characters 25-37 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:920: characters 30-42 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:925: characters 14-26 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:927: characters 25-37 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:929: characters 30-42 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:1004: characters 42-54 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:1009: characters 84-96 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:978: characters 42-54 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:774: characters 35-47 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:783: characters 34-46 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:870: characters 10-22 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:831: characters 34-46 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:1077: characters 41-53 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:891: characters 10-22 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:734: characters 33-45 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:943: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:945: characters 28-40 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:949: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:951: characters 28-40 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:955: characters 23-35 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:957: characters 28-40 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/Color.hx:1058: characters 29-41 : Type not found : GoUnTypedInt
stdgo/image/color/palette/Palette.hx:13: lines 13-14 : stdgo.image.color.RGBA should be Int
stdgo/image/color/palette/Palette.hx:13: lines 13-14 : ... For function argument 'length'

```

