# Module stdgo.crypto.elliptic has compilation errors, please do not use:
```
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/Elliptic.hx:842: character 98 : `package stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec;` in /home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx should be `package crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec;`
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:512: character 31 : `package stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat;` in /home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx should be `package crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat;`
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:601: characters 54-57 : Null<stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point>> has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:605: characters 12-15 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:607: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:608: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:609: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:610: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:615: characters 24-30 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field select
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:618: characters 16-19 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:619: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:620: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:621: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:622: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:627: characters 24-30 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field select
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:630: characters 16-19 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:744: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:744: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:749: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:749: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:750: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:750: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:750: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:751: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:751: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:751: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:744: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:744: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:749: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:749: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:750: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:750: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:750: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:751: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:751: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:751: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:762: characters 19-25 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field _bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:773: characters 30-33 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:883: characters 54-57 : Null<stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point>> has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:887: characters 12-15 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:889: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:890: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:891: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:892: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:897: characters 24-30 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field select
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:900: characters 16-19 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:901: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:902: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:903: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:904: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:909: characters 24-30 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field select
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:912: characters 16-19 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1026: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1026: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1031: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1031: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1032: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1032: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1032: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1033: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1033: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1033: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1026: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1026: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1031: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1031: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1032: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1032: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1032: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1033: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1033: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1033: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1044: characters 19-25 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field _bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1055: characters 30-33 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1165: characters 54-57 : Null<stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point>> has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1169: characters 12-15 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1171: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1172: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1173: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1174: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1179: characters 24-30 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field select
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1182: characters 16-19 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1183: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1184: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1185: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1186: characters 16-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field double
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1191: characters 24-30 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field select
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1194: characters 16-19 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field add
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1308: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1308: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1313: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1313: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1314: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1314: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1314: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1315: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1315: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1315: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1308: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1308: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoByte>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1313: characters 169-204 : Not enough arguments, expected capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1313: characters 169-204 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1314: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1314: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1314: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1315: characters 99-127 : Spread unary operator is only allowed for unpacking the last argument in a call with rest arguments
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1315: characters 99-127 : ... For function argument 'length'
/home/runner/work/go2hx/go2hx/stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1315: characters 80-128 : Void should be stdgo.Slice<stdgo.GoUInt8>
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1326: characters 19-25 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field _bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:1337: characters 30-33 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:47: characters 31-39 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field setBytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:156: characters 32-40 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field setBytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:323: characters 32-40 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field setBytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:510: characters 214-217 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P224Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:535: characters 214-217 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P384Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/nistec/Nistec.hx:560: characters 214-217 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.nistec.P521Point has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20801: characters 53-56 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20805: characters 12-18 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20806: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20807: characters 12-18 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20808: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20809: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20813: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20816: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20817: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20821: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20824: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20828: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20831: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20832: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20836: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20839: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20840: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20844: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20847: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20848: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20852: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20855: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20856: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20860: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20863: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20864: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20868: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20871: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20875: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20878: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20879: characters 19-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:12: characters 64-67 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field sub
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:12: characters 105-108 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field one
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20961: characters 19-25 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field _bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20976: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:11: characters 60-65 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20984: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:20985: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P224Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21076: characters 53-56 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21081: characters 12-18 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21082: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21083: characters 12-18 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21084: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21085: characters 12-18 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21089: characters 20-26 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21092: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21093: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21097: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21100: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21101: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21105: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21108: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21112: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21115: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21116: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21117: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21118: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21119: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21120: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21124: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21127: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21128: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21132: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21135: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21136: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21140: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21143: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21147: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21150: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21154: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21157: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21161: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21164: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21168: characters 20-26 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21171: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21172: characters 19-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:14: characters 64-67 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field sub
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:14: characters 105-108 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field one
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21254: characters 19-25 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field _bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21269: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:13: characters 60-65 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21277: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21278: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P384Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21369: characters 53-56 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21371: characters 12-18 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21372: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21373: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21377: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21380: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21381: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21385: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21388: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21389: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21393: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21396: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21397: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21401: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21404: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21405: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21409: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21412: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21413: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21414: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21418: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21421: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21422: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21423: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21427: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21430: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21431: characters 13-19 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21432: characters 13-16 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21436: characters 21-27 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21439: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21443: characters 20-26 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field square
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21446: characters 12-15 : stdgo.Ref<stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element> has no field mul
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21447: characters 19-22 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field set
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:16: characters 64-67 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field sub
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:16: characters 105-108 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field one
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21529: characters 19-25 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field _bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21544: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:15: characters 60-65 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21552: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field bytes
stdgo/crypto/elliptic/internal/fiat/Fiat.hx:21553: characters 26-31 : stdgo.crypto.elliptic.internal.fiat.P521Element has no field bytes
stdgo/math/big/Big.hx:1240: characters 29-40 : Not enough arguments, expected length:Int, capacity:Int, args:haxe.Rest<stdgo.math.big.Word>

```

