# Module stdgo.slices has compilation errors, please do not use:
```
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testEqualFunc.hx:5: characters 221-223 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testEqualFunc.hx:13: characters 233-235 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testEqualFunc.hx:19: characters 239-241 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testCompareFunc.hx:11: characters 279-281 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testCompareFunc.hx:19: characters 291-293 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testIndexFunc.hx:5: characters 267-269 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testIndexFunc.hx:13: characters 273-278 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testContainsFunc.hx:5: characters 273-275 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testContainsFunc.hx:13: characters 279-284 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testContainsFunc.hx:19: characters 279-284 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testClone.hx:22: characters 184-188 : Null<Unknown<0> : { length : stdgo.GoInt }> should be Any
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testClone.hx:22: characters 184-188 : ... For function argument 'value'
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testClone.hx:22: characters 184-188 : ... For function argument '_args'
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testCompactFunc.hx:6: characters 209-211 : Too many arguments
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testGrow.hx:11: characters 22-30 : Any has no field capacity
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testGrow.hx:12: characters 137-145 : Any has no field capacity
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testGrow.hx:12: characters 137-145 : ... For function argument '_args'
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testGrow.hx:25: characters 71-79 : Any has no field capacity
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testGrow.hx:25: characters 87-93 : Any has no field length
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testGrow.hx:33: characters 72-80 : Any has no field capacity
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testGrow.hx:33: characters 88-94 : Any has no field length
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testClip.hx:15: characters 17-25 : Any has no field capacity
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testClip.hx:16: characters 126-134 : Any has no field capacity
stdgo/_internal/slices/Slices_testClip.hx:16: characters 126-134 : ... For function argument '_args'

```

